Adjust how `isReloading` is determined (#979)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/proud-jeans-bow.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react": patch
---

> Adjust how `useUnifiedSelectionTree` determines `isReloading` value. `IsReloading` is now set to `true` if root nodes are being loaded.

Reviewer: This change updated behavior for all `useTree` hook variants so maybe something like this would be better?

```suggestion
Adjust how `useTree` and other variants of it determines `isReloading` value. `isReloading` is now set to `true` if root nodes are being loaded.
```
